Add new pages and update outdated links (#93)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Electric-Dust-Washer.md

The Electric Dust Washer is an [Electric Machine](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Electric-Machines) which obtains [Dusts](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Dusts) from [Sifted Ore](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Sifted-Ore).

It's the electric version of the [Ore Washer](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Ore-Washer), only it does not generate by-products and thus improves the yield rate.

## Electric Dust Washer Tiers

| Tier | Power  | Time   | Buffer | Energy/Ore |
| :--: | :----: | :----: | :----: | :--------: |
| I    | 6 J/s  | 4 s    | 128 J  | 24 J       |
| II   | 10 J/s | 2 s    | 128 J  | 20 J       |
| III  | 30 J/s | 0.33 s | 512 J  | 10 J       |

## Tip

> Seeing as sifted ore can produce many different dusts, it is recommend to hook it up to a cargo system because it only has 2 output slots and it will be full pretty quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seeing as sifted ore can produce many different dusts, it is recommended to hook it up to a cargo system because it only has 2 output slots and they will fill pretty quickly.
```
Don't want to be picky but this sounds better imo, also fixed typo in recommended

Author: Its not being pick picky, my grammar here is wrong :)
